# Record of meetings

## Meeting 1 Week 1 – 26 Apr 21

### General Thoughts

-	The one big use case of security tokens (ST) for us is that ownership records are recorded securely and transparently. Is an ST the way to go?

### Initial research - STO process 
1.	Preparation
    -	Material information and provisions
2.	Designing the offering
    -	Do we need to consider any regulations? E.g. Would this be a security or utility token? (Howey test)
    -	Think about the life cycle of our token
3.	Selection of service providers
    -	What blockchain platform should we use?

### Next steps 
-	More research into how to make a security token
-	Contact Marcus to arrange briefing 
	
### Links
https://thenextweb.com/news/stablecoin-projects-gold-failed
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/cn/Documents/audit/deloitte-cn-audit-security-token-offering-en-201009.pdf 

## Meeting 2 Week 2 – 3 May 21

### Meeting Subject
-	Initial meeting with Marcus
-	Design a nice UI experience for investors
-	How could this help with carbon footprint proofs for minerals? (EU Battery regulation 2023)

### Need to answer
-	Why do people buy this token?
-	Who is buying it? (Manufacturers, end-users,...)
-	How is it all integrated? (Miners on one side and investors on the other, transaction history)

### Next steps
-	Look into web development
-	Research and decide which blockchain platform should we use?
-	What Impact crowd funding platforms already exist?
-	Other impact funds (that use security token)

### Links

https://www.guineabmtc.com/
https://www.trafigura.com/brochure/prepayments-demystified
https://polymath.network/
https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/5-best-security-token-offering-platforms-2020-08-11

## Meeting 3 Week 3 – 10 May 21
### Meeting Subject
-	Meeting with Danilo Mandic
-	Theoretical nature of the project
-	Demo data
-	Open ended nature of project
### Next Steps
-	Meet with Marcus
   
## Meeting 4 Week 3 – 14 May 21
### Meeting Subject
-	Discuss which STO platforms best suit the needs of the project
### Prior Research – STO platforms
1.  POLYMATH: 
  *	Offers STO purpose built blockchain 
  *	Tokens easily fabricated on the website 
  *	Running on the Ethereum ledger
  *	SETUP FEE of over 1000 dollars 
  *	Multiple token options e.g. divisible/indivisible
  *	Incredibly transparent running every transaction on Etherscan 
  *	All transfers referencing and ETH address running on Metamask
  *	Whitelist determining all possible investors
2.	HARBOR: 
*	Contacted explaining mission statement, start up cost too high.
3.  SWARM: 
* Offers ST creation options, little else
4.  REDSWAN: 
*	Online marketplace for tokenised investments 
*	Most like our approach 
*	Not offering tokenised debt options 
*	Only share equity

### Next steps

-	Continue contacting STO platforms to further understand best options
-	Start on website

## Meeting 5 Week 4 – 17 May 21
### Meeting Subject
*	Meeting with Alvaro (Finboot tech)
*	"Marco" Platforms
    *	Track & trace 
    *	Data
*	Minexx
    *	Goal: Gathering and maintain all data in Marco platform
    *	ATM: only subset of data (?)
    *	Currently using Ethereum
        *	anchoring for certification
### Project Concept
*	Separate processes
    *	Investor side:
        *	Capitalization by selling security tokens as investment asset
        *	Transparency of what is being funded
    *	Miner side:
        *	Token to track & trace mined minerals
### Considerations
-	Smart contract management
-	Ethereum (hard) fork events
-	Private network linked into public blockchain
### Next Steps
-	Continue work on leaflet
### Links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJhT-u1lPzA
https://www.finboot.com/ 

## Meeting 6 Week 5 – 24 May 2021
### Meeting Subject

-	Meeting with Marcus
-	Discuss leaflet ideas
-	Our questions following on from the advice received from FinbootTech:

    *	Alvaro recommended keeping the security token for capitalization separate from the track & trace process. We are now trying to figure out the specific financial flows of the fund vs the payment system. I.e., How do we generate the interests that make our security tokens attractive to investors?
    *	You [Marcus] mentioned the 10-15% interest rate that investors could expect in our 2nd meeting... is that quoted solely through loans for equipment? Or just prepayment for minerals?
    *	We currently imagine the fund to operate as follows: Through the fund, miners can access loans, which they use e.g. to purchase equipment. They pay off their credit through interest in the form of additional minerals. The additional minerals are sold by Minexx(?) and go back into the impact fund, increasing the monetary value associated with a security token. Is that what you envisioned?
### Outcomes

-	Investors such as Governments invest in the ATIF which is used in a few ways, mainly to act as a fund for the miners to take loans from and also to improve the amenities and commodities of the mine sites 
-	The interest is generated by the miners over the time during which they pay back their loans
-	The 10-15% interest rate is the going rate for bank loans in the countries Minexx is working e.g. DRC and Rwanda

### Next Steps

-	Finish final draft of leaflet

## Meeting 7 Week 6 – 31 May 21
### Meeting Subject
-	What information to add to website 
-	Final touches to leaflet
### Problem
-	30% of global cobalt mining comes from artisanal miners
-	Estimated value of illegal mineral outflows is greater than the foreign aid that flows into Africa
-	Unethical commercial transactions by multinational companies make up a massive 60% to 65% of the illicit outflow of the continent’s wealth. 
-	Problem for tech companies being able to prove they are sourcing their minerals ethically - more and more important in this "clean tech" transition
-	Unfair payment for miners - opaque, outdated, and fragmented value chain leads to lower payment for miners
-	unequal payment for women miners, and unequal opportunity for higher up roles
-	Miners have no track record and cannot get the financing required to purchase much needed equipment.
-	Impossible to withdraw more than $10,000 per day and 5% charge on cash withdrawals. Mineral buyers need millions each month so are forced to use many banks or bypass local banks entirely.
-	More than 100,000 miners die each year without insurance.
-	Community mining model essential to ensuring country develops and artisanal miners see benefits.
    *	economist article
### Pushing for change - new EU regulations
-	Companies must prove there are no human rights violation on their mineral supply chain.
-	They must be transparent with their CO2 emissions throughout their supply chain
### Minexx
-	Minexx transforms trading, compliance and financing of small-scale sites to benefit miners, government & mineral buyers
-	Formalizes outdated supply chain reducing conflict between artisanal miners and industrial mining sites
-	Impact metrics (target 2025)
    *	500,000 miners, 40% women
    *	Avg. 50% payment increase for miners
    *	Access to services: 100,000 lithium headtorches, 300,000 safety equipment, 150,000 insured miners
    *	$1bn increase in government revenue
### Our Solution
-	Impact Funding using Security Tokens
-	Liquid pre-financing through security tokens tied to future mineral production.
-	Why Security tokens:
    *	 transparent and secure investment
### Benefit for investors

1.	New technologies increase the demand for minerals

a.	MIT review reliance of new technologies on different minerals:  
		https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/ce/jznvnjeabvl/Tin 

2.	Direct and sustainable impact

a.	Could picture the affected UN impact goals

3.	Financing of equipment for small-scale mining sites produces interest that investors can benefit from, while helping fund ethical and sustainable mining practices
→ ≈ 15% annual interests
### Canva:
Minnex Leaflet: https://www.canva.com/design/DAEfwlNULQg/3r3cwHaaPpxZq25NTPYX_A/edit
Colour pallet: https://coolors.co/0d1821-eeeeee-344966-2b97da-fb4d3d
### Links
https://issafrica.org/iss-today/the-true-cost-of-mineral-smuggling-in-the-drc

## Meeting 8 Week 7 – 7 June 21
### Meeting Subject
-	Assigning parts for presentation
-	Deciding how to fill slides
-	Final touches to website

### Decisions Made

-	Christoph to work on home page of website, introductory and next steps slides
-	Kurt to work on project page of website and Minexx/MineSmart/ATIF slides
-	Tyler to finish off coding smart contract and Security token/Smart contract slides


